[Music]
i'm glad you're back
i'm i'm just gonna take some time
getting used to
you just gotta get yourself back out
there
palmer you were all usa player two years
in
riverside yes sir
my whole life's changed
[Music]
that boy that's sam
his mama took off he'll be staying with
us till she's back
you know you're a boy right yeah
do you know when my mama's coming back
he's gonna have to go in the system
[Music]
there's something seriously wrong with
that kid would you
set me free how did you end up in prison
don't matter i did what i did
bulk of what you did today
[Music]
listen to me son kids are mean
especially when they see something that
they ain't used to seeing
you ain't nothing but a criminal you got
no right looking after any child
there's things in this world you can be
and there's things that you can't
how many boys do you see on that show
none what does that tell you that i can
be the first
chick i get some treats
truth is i haven't felt like i was good
at anything
until sam
[Music]
[Applause]
shelley came back
[Music]
i can't abandon that boy
i will not abandon that boy
[Music]
i heard y'all had a little tea party the
other day yeah careful palmer it's hot
pinkies please
mmm real good
[Music]
you